# Game-Framework
A framework, in this context, is a collection of pre-defined classes providing generic functionality to perform certain tasks. A framework is only a "backbone" for a program. For a framework to become a fully functioning program, it must be complemented with a number of external objects, so called adaptation objects. By programming to a base class we can create a customise adaption class to solve a specific problem.<br>
Thus in this repository I have implemented a game to simulate a game of Roulette by completing 2 predefined base classes, IGame and IPlayer. Since Roulette implements the base classes it can be plugged into the main application. This means that the application is capable of playing multiple different games. In addition to implementing Roulette game I have created a wrapper class to wrap another game so that it too can be plugged into the application. The wrapper class also implements both base classes IGame and IPlayer. However, the wrapper class converts, translates commands form the application to commands that the wrapped class understands. A wrapper class is called a Adapter or Decorator pattern in design patterns.<p>
By programming to a base class allows an application swap (hot swap) between instances of objects during run time.<p>
The code in this repository is a demonstration of working with a framework by programming to a base class. Wrapping other classes so that they too can be used in the framework. The games themselves are not important what is important is the programming concepts.
